This project is a recreation of a game called Snow Craft, which can be found at http://nny.com/snowcraft/play/ .

	The main part of the coding for this game is to keep track of the player's properties.
The green and red players have different properties. The green player properties include position,
hit count (how many times they have been hit), and hit time (how long it's been since they have been hit). 
These properties are stored as tuples for each player in a list of players for the respective team.
The position is used to draw the image of the player at the specific position. The hit count is used
to see how many times the player has been hit. The hit time is the duration right after a hit when the
player is stunned for a while. The hit time is reduced after every call of timerFired function. On the first
 hit, the green player uses this hit time to brush snow off of his face. On the second hit, the player rests
lying down on the ground for a bit. Note that on the second hit count, the green player may not be hit again 
until he gets up. Once the hit count reaches 3, the maximum hit count, then the player is removed from the 
list of green players and added to the list of dead green players, which is then drawn as part of the background. 
What they do after each hit is modeled after the game in the link above. For each green player, there is also a 
corresponding list of commands for each player.The green player AI will take this list and if the player has no 
command then it will give it a new command with the randomizeCommand function. If the command is throw, while the 
snowball that this player has thrown is still on screen, the green player may not move, this is also modeled after 
the game from the link. If the command is to move then the list of orders will have a tuple stored for the player 
indicating the number of steps to take and in the direction to take them in. In the link above, the green players 
move diagonally while in this version, the green players move either horizontally or vertically. I could have made 
the green players move diagonally as well, but that would only require a small change to the code and does not really 
make a difference to the game play. Also, the randomization of the commands is also modeled after the game because I 
found from experience in playing the game that the challenge of the game was not being able to predict what the 
players would do therefore making it harder to hit them.
	The red players have similar properties except that they do not have hit counts. A red player can be hit as 
many times as long as those hits do not occur consecutively. If the hit time is greater than a certain number, then 
the player is dead. Note that this same method could not be used for green players because on the second hit, the player
cannot be hit again while it's hit time is the same as being hit the first time. When one of these players is clicked,
the properties for the specific player is stored in canvas.data.playerSelected. Also, when the player is selected a 
throw strength counter will increase until the mouse button is released. As the throw strength counter increases, a 
green meter to the right of the selected player will increase. There are five bars in total for the meter so each bar
indicates that the throw will carry the snowball 1/5 of the distance of the window. The full five bars is enough to take
the snowball from one corner to the opposite corner. The green players' snowballs will always be thrown far enough to 
reach the end of the screen, this is also modeled after the game from the link. 
	A couple of things that were bad about the game from the link is that the green players can move off of the
screen without the red player knowing, making it nearly impossible for the red player to win the game. In fact, on 
some levels the green players initialize off of the screen. The red players may also be moved off of the screen if you
drag the player off of the screen while holding down the left mouse button. 
	As for the user interface, since I used images from the game it looks pretty much the same except for the loading
screen, instructions, and in between level screens. These are just simple screens with text written on them since these
screens do not really affect the game play much.    
